you know we've covered quite the cast of
misfits on this channel over the years
it's a little bit of a guilty pleasure
of mine to see what people are up to
what they're willing to do what lengths
they'll go to for a little drop of
Internet cloud or trying to farm some
follows somehow you got nasty nas
curating skits with homeless people to
make himself look virtuous in order to
go viral you got those 16-year old
broads they've gotten a rollover flipped
their car accident and immediately pull
out their phone and made a tick-tock and
then you got those Listerine chugging
Neanderthals and the rest of the
insufferable Instagram crew that I'll
spare you the recap but occasionally
something will grace my inbox and I'll
check it out and this is the case here
with Aristotle gold he's a tick-tock or
350,000 followers just about zero
following follows nobody because that's
just the type of player that he is but I
think he's like relentlessly trying to
exploit his abusive relationship with
his mother to go viral make this viral
so I can get famous
[Music]
who do you think you're gonna get anyway
what do you think you're not gonna get
[__] all right grandma
grow up and get a job instead of
planting these these stupid rendevouz do
still love me what well I never
oh this mom needs to find Jesus yeah how
much you're making okay yes oh I break
my ass for $14 okay
you think you accomplished something I
got it I got a job oh please your
[__] loser $14 an hour
gimme of game break so there's a lot
going through my head here watching
these just a couple right off the bat
just lot going through my mind
first of all 3.4 million views on that
one one of his many videos of his mom
berating him that's gone viral secondly
are these skits is mom dead-ass with the
house she's acting right now or is it
maybe a little bit of both and
aristotle's leaning into it because it
goes viral and he's trying to catch that
wave of tick tock clout because of his
abusive mother assumption I don't I
don't know but I have to I have to know
what's going on apparently on tick tock
it gets hella views because it's tick
tock and that is the epicenter of the
dumbest [__] ever going viral but you
don't want that to be the thing that
builds you brand do you mean the years I
spent building this YouTube channel I
have dealt with relentless verbal abuse
from Nigel but I've never shown that
because that's not what I want to be
known for shut up you fat magenta face
[__] you think I'm mean to you are you
not even the least bit self-aware that
this Gina was built with these lime zest
baby hairs and Yuri diabetic blowhard
placeholder for I travel the world to
get my fix of exotic monkey [__]
seriously you're like one kitty sized
ice cream cone away from a massive
cardiac event you I pretend to be nice
so we're gonna dig a little deeper into
that to see if we can find out what's
going on but before we do that by the
grace of his holiness
this video is sponsored and I got
sponsorship Leon in the next room doing
some cleaning I got to see if I can get
his attention to to do the read Leon
what was that sorry I couldn't quite
hear you over the buttery smooth
frequency response I've been
experiencing from these everyday e25 s
that happen to be tickling my ear holes
as we speak now if you've been here more
than a minute you know that Ray Cohn and
I were buddies because they hook it up
with these discreet wireless earbuds
that are fly as hell they sound
tremendous and they are half the price
of comparable premium brands not only do
they have a noise isolating fit but they
deliver an impressive bass response for
earbuds that are this sleek the
bluetooth pairing is a breeze in the
case is a wireless charger so you get
days of heavy use before ever having to
plug in which is perfect for me when I
get carried away dusting in the next
room
[Music]
man I've been using the everyday e25
since 2019 and I love them listen if
you're in the market for some new
wireless earbuds and you want to give
them a shot you can get 15% off your
very own pair by using my link in the
description that's by Reagan comm slash
Leon lush you get ahold of your very own
pair rake on today Thank You ray Khan
for the support thank you guys for the
love I appreciate you now what I like to
do is go all the way back to the
beginning where it all started which for
Aristotle was only two months ago
February 15th is first post but as you
watch the progression it helps being a
better picture of what's really going on
all right guys
hope Instagram doesn't flag this video
I'm about to show you how I beat my meat
so get some moisturizer and tissues
ready because it's about to get wild
[Laughter]
absolute shenanigans in this first tick
tock I love it showed real promise but
then in the second tick dog mom I want
you to read this out loud fast some
nonsense no it's good aiming so [__]
stupid I am so [__] stupid
I am so [__] stupid he gets right
into the young kid messing with his
boomer mom stick comedy right the proven
formula that Lance Stuart's been doing
for 10 years still worthy of a hundred
billion laughing till I'm crying emojis
and the Instagram comments apparently
goes right after it there's nothing
different than two identical pictures
whatsoever I know it so harassment mom
is good family fun it begins to work out
the view start coming a little bit and
mom's boisterous personality with all
her swear words hilarious entertaining
we love it it's cute to begin with it's
cute you know
Big Bertha I'm looking for a guy that
sweet and salty and know how to party
dips his toes in the shenanigans once
again but realizes this isn't what he's
good at
he's better at having a mom that
screamed swears at him so to tick-tocks
later his first viral weighs more 200
pounds of feathers or 200 pounds of
bricks think again
they're both 200 pounds I'm gonna kick
your ass so badly it's gonna come out
your mouth that's what's gonna happen
guess the question your stupid [__] his
dick was prick I'm sorry did she call
him a [__] prick what are you doing
so 9 take toxin he strikes gold and he
has found his niche verbally abusive mom
and what else is there to do except
rinse and repeat and watch the views
start pouring in baby you should feel
pretty done because you can't do math
why did you go to school you morons
just repeated that money every person in
the United States our own amount to a
thousand fifty a person yourself super
rough smarter than you rock mom gets
heated again another banger mom what are
you happy for me why you tell me about a
job no I just went viral on tick tock
mom I got 1.6 million views I'm gonna be
famous mom just keep on screaming and
keep on demeaning me we make a good team
you and I so he's figured out his pillar
content right but if mom's busy he's
still gonna keep the tick tock scum and
fans have no chill they want content
they want it now so you know last wake
they keep shaking I ain't doing no first
quit asking I don't know who needs to
hear this
but if you're not happy being single
you'll never be happy in a relationship
learn to love yourself and the rest will
phone okay shut shut up shut up quite
frankly I was a little worried about the
abuse of moms dick at first as you saw
but if this is the alternative I miss
mom already guys gold here so I started
this weight loss transformation
transformation Tuesday it's just it's
convenient that mom always just happens
to be like lurking six or seven feet
away every time he's trying to make a
personal tick-tock with his audience
there's mom definitely not planned
definitely not
if you really wanted to do a
transformation update about his weight
loss without mom berating him right he
could have found a place to do without
her being right there but that's not
what gets the view so so to purposely do
this and get and get your mother
involved it makes sense but you're also
taking something that is is kind of a
kind of a shitty thing kind of like
something that a lot of kids a lot of
kids around the world deal with
constantly which is inept parents that
absolutely demean and berate and treat
their kids like [__] and create a
lifetime of problems for them you really
want to use that as the catalyst for how
you try and get internet-famous like you
want that correlation you want that to
be your niche your niche needs to hear
this but you're worth it
oh you're beautiful you're handsome
you're amazing you can do anything you
put your mind to so don't give up today
could be the day you were starting to
miss mom again this is such a toxic
relationship be proud of yourself I'm
sorry you were experiencing this abusive
behavior you don't deserve that from
anyone especially your mom well I do
agree with that I also think he's
purposely perpetuating it because it's
getting views on tik-tok so you can see
where I'm conflicted here if this is
real I'm sorry it's okay misery loves
company so a lot of people are
questioning whether it's real or not
with with with good reason no way that
if you don't have your phone out make it
a tick-tock and you tell your mother you
got a job genuinely and it's between you
two that she responds that same exact
way no way but the way she acts and the
way she's able to do what she does for
tik-tok leads me to believe that there
is a pretty huge element of this in your
actual relationship outside of this
social media machine of mental abuse
that you've created for yourself
wow that's olive oil
that's olive oil yeah ma so you have
these mother-son skits like that one
that make you feel like it's light
hearted and fun and I call it a skit
because I don't believe that any man
woman or child doesn't know that you
don't put olive oil in a car or used to
believe that but then you have ones like
this
I'm calling Jenny Craig I'm gonna tell
them to come find you and put you on a
fat farm you fat [__]
[Music]
sorry I didn't mean to I didn't expect
to laugh this one but this it's the
delivery on that the delivery was fake
real I don't know what's going on
anymore but that delivery mom she's
plays the part pretty well let's be on
very self-conscious and now you can see
why like he's using that with all of the
correct hashtags to try and go viral
it's just like it seems so it seems so
scummy but then there's the cute and
funny ones though too you know mom
you're such a boomer and it's it's it's
great so I just I'm emotionally torn
here so all of this has happened in the
course of like a month or five weeks and
then cope with 19 hits and it's
quarantine time and it just starts to
spiral out of control and he uploads a
lot I mean look at this he's uploading
not Jesus this is all in like a month
[Music]
it's my dream it's it's a dream to use
your mom's abhorrent behavior to help
you go tick-tock viral I mean whatever
happened to kids dreaming about growing
up to be a doctor or an athlete or some
[__] this is a whole new world we're
dealin with and of course the caption is
if this video doesn't go viral I might
just give up tick tock I get too many
hate messages fyp for you for you page
trending
how many likes do I have to get to for
you to go to therapy with me he's built
up this narrative of verbal and mental
abuse and now he's taking it and trying
to lob it at his audience and put the
onus on them that they have to like the
video in order to help him go to therapy
with his mom this [__] is bananas input
I hate it I [__] hate it this is this
this is this this is the part about
social thought [__] hate social media
I love it I love it I love it love it
but I also I also hate it so you all
have been asking me so let's clear some
things up let's set the record straight
or my video is real does my mom actually
talk like this yes why do I film it to
raise awareness also the only videos of
me that go viral of her yah
so he's claiming that it's real but also
he's also admitting that he he does it
because the only videos that go viral
are of his mother screaming I don't know
I don't I don't want this video to come
off as me trivializing you're
downplaying this type of mental or this
pervasive abuse between you know a
parent-child dynamic but it also bothers
me that he's commoditizing this familial
emotional abuse this toxic dynamic
between him and his mother
he's packaging it up into this neat
little tik-tok in just uploading them
one after the other to farm likes and
views and desperately trying to go viral
by emotionally manipulating his audience
I think to an extent but I am definitely
passed the point of being surprised by
stuff like this I mean it's the Internet
when the internet always wins if riding
the coattails of your emotionally
abusive parent all the way to tick tock
fame is the new wave then hang ten bait
I pray that you guys are doing well and
I wish you nothing but X's and O's and
good tidings and I also wish that you
would urge Utley remove your pants and
your underwears and feverishly hip
thrusts that [__] like button
for me thank you so much guys we'll see
in the next video take care of yourself
note to end the video I just finished
editing and I realized that throughout
the video I'm mostly talking about this
dude on being critical of what he's
doing and I make some jokes on laughs of
the dynamic between him and his mother
cuz to me especially while watching it
initially it felt mostly contrived like
a lot of it was a performance and I
still do think that but if we are to
believe that this is truly how his
mother acts and really how she treats
him off-camera or assuming that this is
just candid and he's catching her and
the act and he's insinuating that she's
a drinking problem etc if we believe
that is true then I can't stress enough
how big of a human bag of waste this
woman is and I and I do hope that this
dude can somehow find a support system
in his life to help him get out of that
disaster so I just wanted to make that
note